St From Evolution Unleashed I'm here to
help you get more out of AI to move
yourself your business or your career
forward and today we're going to answer
a question many of you have asked me
which is how do you get better output
from AI because many of you are using it
for strategy and advice and getting very
generic high level output and it's super
easy to change that and what I'm going
to show you in a couple of minutes is
going to absolutely transform your
interactions with AI models like chat
GPT Gemini Claude and so on and we're
going to be doing that through hyper
personalization one of the big Promises
of
AI is personalized Health Care
personalized education so imagine you
can go to a
doctor and this AI can prescribe a
medicine built specifically for you that
will come one day we're a long way from
that but that's personalization of AI so
how do we use these models to get better
more relevant output that actually helps
us move forward and how do we tap into
that hyper
personalization that AI promises so
while a lot of people say you can't get
solid actionable strategy from these
models yet I'm here to tell you that not
only can you I'm going to show you how
and it's much easier than you think so
we're going to start today by hitting
over to
16personalities.com and they will give
you a free personality test it will take
you 10 minutes to get a freakishly
accurate description of who you are and
why you do things the way you do and
this is going to give you a Maya Briggs
indicator score you just simply click
take the
test and it's going to ask you some
questions and you just answer these
based on how strongly you agree or
disagree with this statement to give you
a personality type and a little
score so for example I'm a logician and
I'm an
inpa so my five letters are
inpa and that's what you want from this
test is just those five letters and I'm
going to show you how you use those five
letters to radically transform the way
AI communicates with you now what's
really amazing about this test is that
it's going to give you a breakdown of
your personality type your strengths and
weaknesses how you act in your romantic
relationships friendships how you are as
a appearent on your career path
workplace habits and it gives you really
deep insight into the way you want and
because AI models have been trained on
this we we can use it to personalize the
output to the way we're wired let me
show you a few examples of how we
actually do that so here's a prompt I've
written for a book review a very simple
prompt please give me three critical
lessons from the book by Steven kovi
called The Seven Habits of Highly
Effective People and show me how to
apply these and you'll see we get three
lessons uh number one is be
proactive take personal respons ibility
control your focus it's very high level
generic advice that every single person
running this prompt will get the same
type of output so let's go look at how
we can use these five letters to
personalize that output and make it
significantly more relevant to us so
here we are with the same prompt but
I've added just one line please align
your response to the mea Briggs
indicator in TPA which is who I
am here are three critical lessons from
the book along with how an inpa
personality type can apply them so same
lesson be proactive that we had in the
first response but now it's telling me
how to apply that as an
inpa so you can see it's personalized it
now and it understands that I like to
think deeply and analyze situations so
it now gives me a more personalized
strategy that's relevant to me my
personality type my strengths the my
intuitions the way I'm wired very cool
and very easy again lesson two
application for
INTP same three lessons but adapted to
my learning style and there are some
other cool ways you can use these
numbers I've given you one there for a
book review to get information and
strategy tailored to you
but let's go take a look at another
method so here's a more detailed prompt
I'm going to take you quickly through it
because I want to show you how powerful
this can be in business as well please
assume the role of a McKenzie level
expert specializing in helping
consultancies get more clients and then
we're going to provide some context and
I'm just describing my old agency here I
have a consultancy where I help agency
owners tame the chaos get unstuck and
scale their agency fast
we do this by identifying etc etc okay
and they sit between 300K and 2 million
so I'm just giving the AI a bit of
context about my brand and my target
audience I give it an objective I want
three new clients in the next 30
days and I'm asking it to give me three
Innovative and creative strategies to
find three new clients according to
these guidelines this is just prompt
structure I'll drop some free training
on this down in the description
and I've added this one ensure the
strategy is aligned to my strengths and
personality
traits according to my my Briggs
indicator type
INTP and I want them to present the
strategy and explanation how it aligns
to me and some action steps and this
prompt look at what we get so now it's
giving us some strategy that's aligned
to the way I'm wired and you can do this
for yourself as well so
it's given us a strategy hos an
exclusive virtual
Workshop ironically that was our lead
magnet and then it gives me actual
action steps for me to implement that
strategy and it's all things that I
should be naturally wired for because
it's using my personality type so you
can see again launch a case study
campaign your analytical skills and
ability so it's really going deep into
how my person ality type can benefit or
use this
strategy and Implement a referral
incentive program and you can carry on
and get as many of these as you want but
it'll always tell you how it's built for
you so what I've just shown you is a
very powerful way to get significantly
better outputs from these AI models
using your Maya Briggs indicator type
those five magic letters
so there you have it use your mybriggs
indicator type to personalize your
outputs and get more relevant strategy
advice and information when you're
communicating with chat GPT Claude or
whatever I hope you found that valuable
if so I'd love it if you could subscribe
cost you nothing but helps me a ton and
I will see you in the next one peace
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah a
[Music]
[Applause]